IfcDiscreteAccessory Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T07:41:33.5120880Z (#187)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/i/IsArcSuppressed_2bj3cZYAD7qvpndHNlg9vP/Documentation.md

> Indicates whether the section insulator has the ability to suppress the arc.

Reviewer: generalise: 
```suggestion
Indicates whether the element has the ability to suppress an arc.
```
